# -build-2-The-Armaaruss-Military-Drone-and-Soldier-Detection-System-Armaaruss-Model-Sys-Version-1-.
Armaaruss Military Drone and Soldier Detection System (Armaaruss Model Sys Version 1 -build 2). NOW RELEASED! Simple JavaScript code that could detect Russian and Chinese kamikaze drones and help soldiers and civilians evade drone strikes

This drone and soldier detection javascript application has multiple functionalities. It comes with both a primary and secondary detection. The primary detection(the white bounding box) is the basic object detection using the webcam of one’s device. However, the primary detection does not react to color calibration, meaning that the output is the same regardless of whether the screen or frame is bright or dark. The secondary detection’s output is tied to color calibration, meaning that using the different filters used to alter the appearance the frame/video will affect the output of the secondary detection.  You can test this on the app by clicking the “Black” button. The screen will turn black, but primary detection can still be activated, while secondary detection can no longer display a bounding box. Secondary detection is functional, but cannot see or detect anything because the screen is black—it is essentially detecting a black image, while primary detection is still processing video output. 

*just a quick note. This secondary detection aspect tied to color calibration is not currently applicable to the video upload feature in this build 2. You can apply secondary detection to uploaded videos , but it will not react to color calibration. This feature will be added to video uploads in the future. The rest of the features in this build, such as webcam and image upload, has the color calibration tied to secondary detection. 

The breakthrough here is that the javascript code for the secondary detection is treating the webcam video output as an image, and not a video. A good way to understand secondary detection is to imagine continuously uploading a new image file every second. With tensorflow’s default object detection code for detecting objects on various images, uploading a new image file every second is what one would have to achieve in order to match the processes of secondary detection. This application entitled “Armaaruss Military Drone and Soldier Detection System” manipulates tensorflow script to have every frame detected and treated as an image, with the bounding boxes rendered and removed with each frame. This is what makes Armaaruss’s vision component different from other object detection applications.

Thus, it is inferred that secondary detection can be used to detect object in different scenarios without having to re-train the models over and over again. This provides the possibility that drones can also be detected at night by applying the “invert” and other filters to color calibrate the frame that contains the video output. The primary detection box is “white”, while the secondary detection box is “red.” 
